2021 August Console-Docs pass (#214)
MicrosoftDocs/Console-Docs: docs/getstdhandle.md

| **STD_OUTPUT_HANDLE** `((DWORD)-11)` | The standard output device. Initially, this is the active console screen buffer, `CONOUT$`. |
| **STD_ERROR_HANDLE** `((DWORD)-12)` | The standard error device. Initially, this is the active console screen buffer, `CONOUT$`. |

> [!NOTE]
> The values for these constants are unsigned numbers, but are defined in the header files as a cast from a 
signed number and take advantage of the C compiler rolling them over to just under the maximum 32-bit value. When interfacing with these handles in a language that does not parse the headers and is re-defining the constants, please be aware of this constraint. As an example, `((DWORD)-10)` is actually the unsigned number `4294967286`.

## Return value

If the function succeeds, the return value is a handle to the specified device, or a redirected handle set by a previous call to [**SetStdHandle**](setstdhandle.md). The handle has **GENERIC\_READ** and **GENERIC\_WRITE** access rights, unless the application has used **SetStdHandle** to set a standard handle with lesser access.

> [!TIP]

> > It is not required to dispose of this handle with [**CloseHandle**](/windows/win32/api/handleapi/nf-handleapi-closehandle) when use is complete. See [**Remarks**](#handle-disposal) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not required to dispose of this handle with [**CloseHandle**](/windows/win32/api/handleapi/nf-handleapi-closehandle) when you're done using it. See [**Remarks**](#handle-disposal) for more information.
```

Same below.

Author: I was told once upon a time to not involve "You" in technical documentation. I could change it to "when completed" or "when done" though.

Reviewer: Oh yeah I remember having read the same. But I checked again and neither Microsoft's nor Google's technical writing guide mention anything against using "you". In fact they use it in their own examples.

Some applications may also vary their behavior on the type of inherited handle. Disambiguating the type between console, pipe, file, and others can be performed with [**GetFileType**](/windows/win32/api/fileapi/nf-fileapi-getfiletype).

### Handle disposal

> It is not required to [**CloseHandle**](/windows/win32/api/handleapi/nf-handleapi-closehandle) when done with the handle retrieved from **GetStdHandle**. The returned value is simply a copy of the value stored in the process table. The process itself is generally considered the owner of these handles and their lifetime. It is placed in the table on creation depending on the inheritance and launch specifics of the [**CreateProcess**](/windows/win32/api/processthreadsapi/nf-processthreadsapi-createprocessw) call and will be freed when the process is destroyed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is not required to [**CloseHandle**](/windows/win32/api/handleapi/nf-handleapi-closehandle) when done with the handle retrieved from **GetStdHandle**. The returned value is simply a copy of the value stored in the process table. The process itself is generally considered the owner of these handles and their lifetime. Each handle is placed in the table on creation depending on the inheritance and launch specifics of the [**CreateProcess**](/windows/win32/api/processthreadsapi/nf-processthreadsapi-createprocessw) call and will be freed when the process is destroyed.
```

Author: ok

> The case to manipulate the lifetime of these handles manually with **CloseHandle** is if intentionally trying to replace or block other parts of the process from using these handles going forward. `HANDLE` is a numerical value, so another thread storing it locally will not necessarily be updated when the value from the table is updated with **SetStdHandle**. Closing the value will close it process wide and the next usage of the stored copy will encounter an error on **ReadFile** or **WriteFile** accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manual manipulation of the lifetime of these handles may be desirable for an application intentionally trying to replace them or block other parts of the process from using them. As a `HANDLE` can be cached by running code, that code will not necessarily pick up changes made via **SetStdHandle**. Closing the handle explicitly via **CloseHandle** will close it process-wide and the next usage of any cached reference will encounter an error.
```

Author: OK

> Guidance for replacing would be to get the existing `HANDLE` from the table with **GetStdHandle**, use **SetStdHandle** to place a new `HANDLE` in that is opened with **CreateFile** (or a similar function), then to close the retrieved handle.

Reviewer: * In the first sentence I feel like some sort of pronoun or something is missing.
* In the second sentence, "Remember" feels a bit condescending
* If possible it'd be awesome if the English could be ~simplified~ computerized, because the MSDN machine translation might choke on this.

Author: I added a bit of clarity to the first bit. 	
I cut "remember" from the second bit.
I improved wording on the 3rd bit a little, I think.

Beyond that, I'm hoping @mattwojo can edit for clarity if necessary.

> Guidance for replacing a standard handle in the process table would be to get the existing `HANDLE` from the table with **GetStdHandle**, use **SetStdHandle** to place a new `HANDLE` in that is opened with **CreateFile** (or a similar function), then to close the retrieved handle.

Reviewer 2: Can you reword this? "Guidance would be to" is so passively-voiced off might be falling my head

Author: yeah ok tried again
